then the Lord spoke to Moses speak to
then the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the children of Israel and say to them I
the children of Israel and say to them I
the children of Israel and say to them I am the Lord your God according to the
am the Lord your God according to the
am the Lord your God according to the doings of the land of Egypt where you
doings of the land of Egypt where you
doings of the land of Egypt where you dwelt you shall not do
dwelt you shall not do
dwelt you shall not do and according to the doings of the land
and according to the doings of the land
and according to the doings of the land of Canaan where I am bringing you you
of Canaan where I am bringing you you
of Canaan where I am bringing you you shall not do nor shall you walk in their
shall not do nor shall you walk in their
shall not do nor shall you walk in their ordinances you shall observe my
ordinances you shall observe my
ordinances you shall observe my judgments and keep my ordinances to walk
judgments and keep my ordinances to walk
judgments and keep my ordinances to walk in them
in them
in them I am the Lord your God you shall
I am the Lord your God you shall
I am the Lord your God you shall therefore keep my statutes and my
therefore keep my statutes and my
therefore keep my statutes and my judgments which if a man does he shall
judgments which if a man does he shall
judgments which if a man does he shall live by them I am the Lord none of you
live by them I am the Lord none of you
live by them I am the Lord none of you shall approach anyone who is near of kin
shall approach anyone who is near of kin
shall approach anyone who is near of kin to him to uncover his nakedness
to him to uncover his nakedness
to him to uncover his nakedness I am the nakedness of your father or the
I am the nakedness of your father or the
I am the nakedness of your father or the nakedness of your mother you shall not
nakedness of your mother you shall not
nakedness of your mother you shall not uncover she is your mother
uncover she is your mother
uncover she is your mother you shall not uncover her nakedness the
you shall not uncover her nakedness the
you shall not uncover her nakedness the nakedness of your father's wife you
nakedness of your father's wife you
nakedness of your father's wife you shall not uncover it is your father's
shall not uncover it is your father's
shall not uncover it is your father's nakedness the nakedness of your sister
nakedness the nakedness of your sister
nakedness the nakedness of your sister the daughter of your father
the daughter of your father
the daughter of your father all the daughter of your mother with a
all the daughter of your mother with a
all the daughter of your mother with a born at home or elsewhere their
born at home or elsewhere their
born at home or elsewhere their nakedness you shall not uncover the
nakedness you shall not uncover the
nakedness you shall not uncover the nakedness of your son's daughter or your
nakedness of your son's daughter or your
nakedness of your son's daughter or your daughter's daughter their nakedness you
daughter's daughter their nakedness you
daughter's daughter their nakedness you shall not uncover for theirs is your own
shall not uncover for theirs is your own
shall not uncover for theirs is your own nakedness
nakedness
nakedness the nakedness of your father's wife's
the nakedness of your father's wife's
the nakedness of your father's wife's daughter begotten by your father she is
daughter begotten by your father she is
daughter begotten by your father she is your sister you shall not uncover her
your sister you shall not uncover her
your sister you shall not uncover her nakedness
nakedness
nakedness you shall not uncover the nakedness of
you shall not uncover the nakedness of
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father's sister she is near of
your father's sister she is near of
your father's sister she is near of killing to your father
killing to your father
killing to your father you shall not uncover the nakedness of
you shall not uncover the nakedness of
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your mother's sister for she is near of
your mother's sister for she is near of
your mother's sister for she is near of kin to your mother
kin to your mother
kin to your mother you shall not uncover the nakedness of
you shall not uncover the nakedness of
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father's brother
your father's brother
your father's brother you shall not approach his wife she is
you shall not approach his wife she is
you shall not approach his wife she is your aunt
your aunt
your aunt you shall not uncover the nakedness of
you shall not uncover the nakedness of
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your daughter-in-law she is your son's
your daughter-in-law she is your son's
your daughter-in-law she is your son's wife
wife
wife you shall not uncover her nakedness you
you shall not uncover her nakedness you
you shall not uncover her nakedness you shall not uncover the nakedness of your
shall not uncover the nakedness of your
shall not uncover the nakedness of your brother's wife it is your brother's
brother's wife it is your brother's
brother's wife it is your brother's nakedness
nakedness
nakedness you shall not uncover the nakedness of a
you shall not uncover the nakedness of a
you shall not uncover the nakedness of a woman and her daughter nor shall you
woman and her daughter nor shall you
woman and her daughter nor shall you take her son's daughter or her
take her son's daughter or her
take her son's daughter or her daughter's daughter to uncover her
daughter's daughter to uncover her
daughter's daughter to uncover her nakedness they are near of killing to
nakedness they are near of killing to
nakedness they are near of killing to her it is wickedness
her it is wickedness
her it is wickedness nor shall you take a woman as a rival to
nor shall you take a woman as a rival to
nor shall you take a woman as a rival to her sister to uncover her nakedness
her sister to uncover her nakedness
her sister to uncover her nakedness while the other is alive
while the other is alive
while the other is alive also you shall not approach a woman to
also you shall not approach a woman to
also you shall not approach a woman to uncover her nakedness as long as she is
uncover her nakedness as long as she is
uncover her nakedness as long as she is in her customary impurity moreover you
in her customary impurity moreover you
in her customary impurity moreover you shall not lie Connelly with your
shall not lie Connelly with your
shall not lie Connelly with your neighbor's wife to defile yourself with
neighbor's wife to defile yourself with
neighbor's wife to defile yourself with her and you shall not let any of your
her and you shall not let any of your
her and you shall not let any of your descendants pass through the fire to
descendants pass through the fire to
descendants pass through the fire to Molech nor shall you profane the name of
Molech nor shall you profane the name of
Molech nor shall you profane the name of your God I am the Lord you shall not lie
your God I am the Lord you shall not lie
your God I am the Lord you shall not lie with a male as with a woman it is an
with a male as with a woman it is an
with a male as with a woman it is an abomination nor shall you mate with any
abomination nor shall you mate with any
abomination nor shall you mate with any animal to defile yourself with it nor
animal to defile yourself with it nor
animal to defile yourself with it nor shall any woman stand before an animal
shall any woman stand before an animal
shall any woman stand before an animal to mate with it
to mate with it
to mate with it it is perversion do not defile
it is perversion do not defile
it is perversion do not defile yourselves with any of these things for
yourselves with any of these things for
yourselves with any of these things for by all these the nations are defiled
by all these the nations are defiled
by all these the nations are defiled which I am casting out before you for
which I am casting out before you for
which I am casting out before you for the land is defiled therefore I visit
the land is defiled therefore I visit
the land is defiled therefore I visit the punishment of its iniquity upon it
the punishment of its iniquity upon it
the punishment of its iniquity upon it and the land vomits out its inhabitants
and the land vomits out its inhabitants
and the land vomits out its inhabitants you shall therefore keep my statutes and
you shall therefore keep my statutes and
you shall therefore keep my statutes and my judgments and shall not commit any of
my judgments and shall not commit any of
my judgments and shall not commit any of these abominations either any of your
these abominations either any of your
these abominations either any of your own nation or any stranger who dwells
own nation or any stranger who dwells
own nation or any stranger who dwells among you for all these abominations the
among you for all these abominations the
among you for all these abominations the men of the land have done who were
men of the land have done who were
men of the land have done who were before you
before you
before you and thus the land is defiled lest the
and thus the land is defiled lest the
and thus the land is defiled lest the land vomit you out also when you defile
land vomit you out also when you defile
land vomit you out also when you defile it as it vomited out the nation's that
it as it vomited out the nation's that
it as it vomited out the nation's that were before you for whoever commits any
were before you for whoever commits any
were before you for whoever commits any of these abominations the persons who
of these abominations the persons who
of these abominations the persons who commit them shall be cut off from among
commit them shall be cut off from among
commit them shall be cut off from among their people
their people
their people therefore you shall keep my ordinance so
therefore you shall keep my ordinance so
therefore you shall keep my ordinance so that you do not commit any of these
that you do not commit any of these
that you do not commit any of these abominable customs which were committed
abominable customs which were committed
abominable customs which were committed before you and that you do not defile
before you and that you do not defile
before you and that you do not defile yourselves by them I am the Lord your
yourselves by them I am the Lord your
yourselves by them I am the Lord your God